# csa-mp3
## In this repository:
- My solutions to 2024 FRQs

Question 1: Throughout the question, I first focused on the conditions that would affect the currentFood private instance variable which would be posibility of appearing a bear or not where it would clear the variable and otherwise subtract the value to be a random value within 10 to 50 range with a multiplication response to the numOfBirds variable. I thought of managing use on Math.random from a range of 1 to 100 as it was the most direct approach to creating a response of 95% and 5% possibility. Then, with these in mind, I could simply manipulate if and else statements to clarify which situation would be triggered along with the functions that comes with that specific event. Furthermore, for the second part, it was fairly obvious to me as I only had to record the number of times that the currentFood could hold within the number of simulated days provided within the input of the method, I immediately created a count variable to count times that currentFood didn't reach 0 after a use of simulateOneDay and also return a count number that is one higher after it reaches 0 to include the last day in the simulation.

Question 2: Throughout the question, I first decided to create instance variables to hold values of team1 name, team2 name, team1 score, and team2 score. After a while, I've considered that I required a variable to track whose turn it was when the code executed methods like recordPlay or getScore, I decided to use a boolean variable as it seemed the most direct and obvious in the context of the variable to decide whether team 1 or team 2 should acquire the score that is earned at the current round where a true value indicated that team 1 was active and team 2 otherwise.

 Question 3: Throughout the question, I went ahead and thought about the condtions that they wanted the code to execute in which is where the previous string exist in the next one, this allowed me to create an if to coordinate any possibilites of fails to this condition to return a false value. In addition, in the second part, I've considered the impact that deleting the target string from the strings in the list would do, I figured that if the target had the same exact value as the string at the current index in the list then it would become empty. I came to realize that if the string at the index is longer than the target string then it would began to add the part that is after the target string portion in the overall string, so I utilized the length of the target string to start at the correct index to acquire the correct values.

Question 4: In this question, I first struggled by questioning myself certain cases that may make the code more complicated like what if the two neighbors had the same value or if the input location is at the last row and last column, though, after looking carefully at the question, I noticed that this was impossible. After this, I proceed to think about the result that should be executed due to certain conditions for the neighbors, for example, if only one neighbor exist then that neighbor will be returned. I used the length of the row and column in the 2d array to compare with the input row and column value to determine if there was any possibility of them being in the most bottom or most right. In addition, for second part, I kind of struggled with the condition for the while loop as I first thought of using an and statement to track for the row and column value of the location object to not be on most bottom right corner, though, this may result in early end to the while loop as it shouldn't end when only one value either the row or column is at the end. After careful consideration, I've convinced myself to use multiplication as only if the location is at the bottom right corner then its row and column value will equal the original length of rows and column of the 2d array.
